Game Description:

	Axie Land Battles is an innovation of the autobattler genre fit for web 3 gaming, where players will be able to use their axies to compete for rewards and have fun.

Team.

	Tomas Gonzalez: Former Hearthstone/Teamfight Tactics and Super Smash bros pro player 11+ years of making games.
	German Rieck: Former Hearthstone pro player, technical artist and Bachelors degree in accounting and administration also master in data science.
	Lucas Pirito: Played every auto-battler and roguelike in earth, 3+ years of backend engineering.

	We are in constant communication with Axie pro-players that will help to make this experience the best it can be.

Why we started this project?

	We really wanted to add more Land representation in the Axie Infinity world, plus with our experience in competitive games, love for autobattlers, web3 and Axie Infinity it feels like everything is coming together.

Stack:

	We will use Node.js as backend, with express for REST communication, Prisma as an ORM and Postgres as the DB and deployed in Render so we can easily scale.

Gameplay:
	You need to assemble a team of 5 axies, and choose two abilities per axie, this axie when it reaches full energy in fight, will play the two abilities selected in a combo. We think is very important to keep the soul of some special axie archetype like Terminators or RIMP beasts, etc.
	You will be able mid-run to change which part your axie will use, and also with upgrades, you will be able to make your axie use more than 2 abilities.
	The goal of the run is like Cursed Colliseum, to reach a maximum amount of wins or lose 3 times.

Game Modes:

	Lunacian run, just like Cursed Colliseum, we will ask an entry fee to play.

	Moonfall run, just like in homelands, 3 times a day a pool of SLP will be up for grabs, this pool of SLP will be based on the amount of the % of the SLP mentioned before.

	Land battle run, free to play mode where you can also rank up.

Monetization:

	Our plan is to generate more SLP burn in the Lunacian Run mode, the calculations will be done by data analysis so we can calculate burn/earnings based on wins in a run.

	Once we adjust how much deflation we want, a % will go into the Moonfall Run mode, a % to us, and the rest to the Sky Mavis treasury.

Async Multiplayer.

	Easy autocheat detection with Data Analysis, more on this later.

	Fast and responsive game

	Instant Matchmaking

	Cheaters won't affect other players gameplay

	Easy reconnect by saving current data locally

	Cheaper servers cost.

Ranking System:

	Our custom elo system that will update after each run.
	End of season rewards.

Security:

	We plan to create a super robust anticheat system using Data Analysis + Local fight simulations, we will be able to simulate exactly every fight so in case we find a player with suspicious winrate, we can literally see how the fights went and rule out any cheating, also in this scenarios every crypto withdraw will have X amount of days so we can analyize and approve accordingly.

Our goals

○ Make this game the most played Axie Experience
○ Help popularize the Ronin network
○ Make an axie experience with one of the most popular strategy games genre right now
○ Bring more non web3 gamers to web3
○ Try to make every axie playable.
○ Attract most of the Axie classic playerbase, since we already been with talks with Axie classic Pros and they love the project so far.
○ More usages for Land
○ More SLP burn
○ Brand new axie experience
○ Make it really really fun.

What do we want from Sky Mavis?

○ Guidance through the project, we are really open to receive your feedback
○ Complete support in social media.
○ Marketing advice + help.
○ Allow us to use SLP.
○ Get in greenlight when the game is playable - First tests at least for Genesis and Mystic land owners.
○ If possible - More art assets.
○ If possible - Blockchain help, we do have experience in Solidity and ethereum as a whole, however, any contract auditory or help would be awesome.
○ If possible - Financial support. We are doing this on our free time since everyone in the team has their own job so it would help to make this become a full time thing.
○ If you guys like this a lot, we are open to make this game a Sky Mavis game instead of ours.

